[ADD] essentials: contacts (#9378)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/contacts.rst

========
Contacts
========

The *Contacts* application comes installed on all Odoo databases. Contacts are created for customers

> that the company does business with through Odoo. A contact is a repository of vital business

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the company does business with through Odoo. A contact is a repository of vital business
```

information, facilitating communication and business transactions.

Contact form
============

> To create a new contact, navigate to the *Contacts* app, and click :guilabel:`Create`. A new form

Reviewer: add :menuselection: markup for Contacts app

appears where various contact information can be added.

> Odoo allows for both :guilabel:`Individual` and :guilabel:`Company` contacts. Select, either,
> :guilabel:`Individual` or :guilabel:`Company` depending on the type of contact that is being added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo allows for both :guilabel:`Individual` and :guilabel:`Company` contacts. Select either
:guilabel:`Individual` or :guilabel:`Company`, depending on the type of contact that is being added.
```

.. image:: contacts/contact_form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New individual contact form on Odoo.

Name
----

First file in the *name* of the :guilabel:`Individual` or :guilabel:`Company`. This is how the name

> will appear throughout the database. This *name*  field is manditory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will appear throughout the database. This *name*  field is mandatory.
```

.. tip::
   :guilabel:`Individual` contacts can have a :guilabel:`Company` contact linked to it. After

>    selecting :guilabel:`Individual` a new field, called :guilabel:`Company` appears below the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   selecting :guilabel:`Individual`, a new field, called :guilabel:`Company`, appears below the first
```

   name field.

Address
-------

Next, enter the :guilabel:`Address` of the :guilabel:`Company` or :guilabel:`Individual`.

.. tip::

>    If an :guilabel:`Individual` is chosen, then the *type of address* can be chosen. Option for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If an :guilabel:`Individual` is chosen, then the *type of address* can be chosen. Options for this
```

   drop-down menu include: :guilabel:`Contact`, :guilabel:`Invoice Address`, :guilabel:`Delivery
   Address`, :guilabel:`Other Address`, and :guilabel:`Private Address`.

Additional fields
-----------------

Additionally, there are a few more details available on the initial form. The following fields are
available:

- :guilabel:`VAT`: Value Added Tax number.
- :guilabel:`Citizen Identification`: citizen or government identification number (only available
  on :guilabel:`Individual`).
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: list the job position of the :guilabel:`Individual` (only available on
  :guilabel:`Individual`).
- :guilabel:`Phone`: list phone number with country code. Make a call, send an SMS or WhatsApp
  message by hovering over the field on the saved form.
- :guilabel:`Mobile`: list mobile phone number with country code. Make a call, send an SMS or
  WhatsApp message by hovering over the field on the saved form.
- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the email address with the domain.

> - :guilabel:`Website`: enter the full website address with the `http` or `https` part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Website`: enter the full website address, starting with `http` or `https`.
```

related addresses. For example, a specific contact person for the company can be listed here.

Multiple addresses can be added on both :guilabel:`Individual` and :guilabel:`Company` contacts.
Click :guilabel:`Add`, which is located under the :guilabel:`Contacts & Addresses` tab. Doing so
reveals a :guilabel:`Create Contact` pop-up form, in which additional addresses can be configured.

.. image:: contacts/contact-form-add-address.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add a contact/address to the contact form.

On the :guilabel:`Create Contact` pop-up form, start by clicking the default :guilabel:`Other
Address` field to reveal a drop-down menu of address-related options.

Select any of the following options:

- :guilabel:`Contact`: adds another contact to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Invoice Address`: adds a specific invoice address to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Address`: adds a specific delivery address to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Other Address`: adds an alternate address to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Private Address`: adds a private address to the existing contact form.

> Once an option is selected, proceed to enter the corresponding contact information that should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an option is selected, enter the corresponding contact information that should be
```

used for the specified address type.

.. image:: contacts/create-contact-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new contact/address on a contact form.

Add the :guilabel:`Contact Name`, :guilabel:`Address`, :guilabel:`Email`, and phone numbers below.

> Set :guilabel:`Job Position`, which will appear, should the :guilabel:`Contact` address type have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set :guilabel:`Job Position`, which appears if the :guilabel:`Contact` address type has
```

been selected. This is similar to the :guilabel:`Individual` contact.

> There is also an :guilabel:`Note` field down here, as well. To make one, click on the text field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a :guilabel:`Note` field down here, as well. To make one, click on the text field
```

next to :guilabel:`Notes`, and write anything that is applicable to the customer or contact.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the address and close the :guilabel:`Create Contact`
window. Or, click :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the address and immediately input another one.

Sales & Purchases tab
---------------------

Next, is the :guilabel:`Sales & Purchases` tab, which only appears when the *Sales*, *Purchase*,
**or** *Point of Sale* applications are installed.

Here, a specific :guilabel:`Salesperson` can be assigned to a contact. To do that, click the
:guilabel:`Salesperson` drop-down field, and select one. Create a new :guilabel:`Salesperson` by

> typing the user's name in and making the appropriate selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
typing the user's name and making the appropriate selection.
```

Certain :guilabel:`Payment Terms` or a certain :guilabel:`Pricelist` can also be set, if needed.
Click the drop-down next to :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, and change it to one of the preselected
:guilabel:`Payment Terms` or :guilabel:`Create` a new one. Select the :guilabel:`Pricelist`
drop-down to choose the appropriate :guilabel:`Pricelist`.

A preferred :guilabel:`Delivery Method`, or a :guilabel:`Barcode` can also be set on the contact.

Next, there are some miscellaneous fields that can be configured on this form, such as
:guilabel:`Company ID`, :guilabel:`Reference`, and even :guilabel:`Industry`.

> Lastly. if the company purchases products from this contact, one of the database users can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, if the company purchases products from this contact, one of the database users can be
```

designated as the :guilabel:`Buyer`. Specify :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, :guilabel:`Tax Information`,
and a preferred :guilabel:`Payment Method` here. A :guilabel:`Receipt Reminder` can even be set
here. Below that, the :guilabel:`Fiscal Position` can be set.

Accounting tab
--------------

> The :guilabel:`Accounting` tab, appears when the *Accounting* application is installed. Here, a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Accounting` tab appears when the *Accounting* application is installed. Here, a user
```

can add any related :guilabel:`Bank Accounts`, or set default :guilabel:`Accounting entries`.
There’s even a field to format electronic invoicing for this contact.

Internal Notes tab
------------------

Following the :guilabel:`Accounting` tab is the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab, where notes can be
left on this contact form, just like on the contact form noted above.

Partner Assignment tab
----------------------

Next is the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab, which by default, includes a geo-location and other

> partner options; including :guilabel:`Partner Activation` and :guilabel:`Partner Review`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
partner options, including :guilabel:`Partner Activation` and :guilabel:`Partner Review`
```

configurations. These are **only** present when the *Enterprise Resellers* module is installed.

Membership tab
--------------

Finally, is the :guilabel:`Membership` tab, which can help to manage any memberships that are being
offered to this specific contact. It should be noted that this tab is associated with the *Members*
app.

Smart buttons
=============

> Towards the top of the :guilabel:`Contact` form there are some other options that are called *smart
> buttons* in Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top of the :guilabel:`Contact` form are some additional options available as *smart buttons*.
```

Here, Odoo displays records related to this contact that were created on other apps. Odoo integrates
information from every single app, so there are many smart buttons.

.. example::
   For example, there is the :guilabel:`Opportunities` smart button, where all the opportunities

>    related to this customer will appear from the *CRM* app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   related to this customer appear from the *CRM* app.
```

.. tip::

>    If the corresponding applications are installed, their related smart buttons will appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the corresponding applications are installed, their related smart buttons appear
```

   automatically.

A user can see any :guilabel:`Meetings`, :guilabel:`Sales`, :guilabel:`POS Orders`,
:guilabel:`Subscriptions`, project :guilabel:`Tasks`, and :guilabel:`More`. A user can even quickly
access :guilabel:`Purchases`, :guilabel:`Helpdesk` tasks, :guilabel:`On-time Rate` for deliveries,
:guilabel:`Invoiced` information, :guilabel:`Vendor Bills`, and the :guilabel:`Partner Ledger`
connected to this contact.

Deliveries, documents, loyalty cards, and direct debits will *also* link to smart buttons, like
this, should there be any outstanding/on-file for this contact.

> There is also a :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button. If the contact is a partner, the user will
> be able to visit their partner page on the Odoo-built website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button. If the contact is a partner, the user can visit their partner page on the Odoo-built website.
```

Archive contacts
----------------

> Now, if a user decides that they no longer want to have this contact active, the record can simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, if a user decides that they no longer want to have this contact active, the record can
```

be archived. To do that, go to the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Action` menu in the top-left, and click
:guilabel:`Archive`.

Then, click :guilabel:`Archive` again from the resulting :guilabel:`Confirmation` pop-up window.

With this contact now successfully archived, as indicated by a banner at the top, they will not show
up in the main contacts page, but they can still be searched for with the :guilabel:`Archived`
filter.

.. tip::
   A contact can be unarchived if the user decides to work with them again. To do that, just click
   the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Action` menu again, and click :guilabel:`Unarchive`. As soon as

>    this is done, the :guilabel:`Archived` banner is removed, and the contact is back to normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   this is done, the :guilabel:`Archived` banner is removed, and the contact is restored.
```

.. seealso::
   Contact forms can be accessed in the *Sales* application, as well. Go to :menuselection:`Sales
   app --> Orders --> Customers`, and clear any default filters from the search bar. Then, click on
   the desired customer to open their contact form.

   - :doc:`Add different addresses in CRM <../sales/sales/send_quotations/different_addresses>`
   - `Odoo's eLearning Contacts tutorial
     <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/contacts-2527?fullscreen=1>`_

> :icon:`fa-hand-spock-o`

Reviewer: the only thing wrong with the icon is that it's not spinning :)

Reviewer 2: 100%

      Click into the :guilabel:`Delivery Method` field to select an option from the drop-down menu.

   .. tab:: Point Of Sale section

      Under the *Point Of Sale* heading, enter a :guilabel:`Barcode` that can be used to identify
      the contact. Use the :guilabel:`Loyalty Points` field to track points the user won as part of
      a *Loyalty Program*.

   .. tab:: Purchase section

      If the company purchases products from this contact, one of the database users can be
      designated as the :guilabel:`Buyer`. Specify :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, :guilabel:`Tax
      Information`, and a preferred :guilabel:`Payment Method` here. A :guilabel:`Receipt Reminder`
      can be set here, as well.

   .. tab:: Misc section

      Under the *Misc.* heading, use :guilabel:`Reference` field to add any additional information
      for this contact. Use the :guilabel:`Website` drop-down menu to restrict publishing of this
      contact to one website (if working on a database with multiple websites). Use the
      :guilabel:`SLA Policies` field to assign a *Helpdesk* SLA policy to this contact.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
suggesting the deletion of an extra empty line

> Under the *Fiscal Information* heading, select a :guilabel:`Fiscal Position` from the drop-down

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Under the :guilabel:`Fiscal Information` heading, select a :guilabel:`Fiscal Position` from the drop-down
```

menu.

Accounting tab
--------------

The :guilabel:`Accounting` tab appears when the *Accounting* application is installed. Here, a user
can add any related :guilabel:`Bank Accounts`, or set default :guilabel:`Accounting entries`.

> Under the *Miscellaneous* heading, use the :guilabel:`LEI` field to enter a Legal Entity

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Under the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous` heading, use the :guilabel:`LEI` field to enter a Legal Entity
```

Identifier, if necessary.

Internal Notes tab
------------------

Following the :guilabel:`Accounting` tab is the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab, where notes can be
left on this contact form, just like on the contact form noted above.

Partner Assignment tab
----------------------

Next is the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab, which by default, includes a :guilabel:`Geolocation`
section, and other partner options, including :guilabel:`Partner Activation` and :guilabel:`Partner
Review` configurations. These are **only** present when the *Enterprise Resellers* module is
installed.

Membership tab
--------------

Finally, there is the :guilabel:`Membership` tab, which can help users manage any memberships that
are being offered to this specific contact. It should be noted that this tab is associated with the
*Members* app.

Smart buttons
=============

> At the top of the :guilabel:`Contact` form, there are some additional options available, known as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At the top of the contact form, there are some additional options available, known as
```

*smart buttons*.

Here, Odoo displays a variety of records, related to this contact, that were created on other apps.
Odoo integrates information from every single app, so there are many smart buttons.

.. example::

>    For example, there is the :guilabel:`Opportunities` smart button, where all the opportunities

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For example, there is an :guilabel:`Opportunities` smart button, where all the opportunities
```

>    related to this customer appear from the *CRM* app.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   related to this customer from the *CRM* app are accessible.
```

.. tip::
   If the corresponding applications are installed, their related smart buttons appear

>    automatically.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   automatically on a contact form.
```

A user can see any :guilabel:`Meetings`, :guilabel:`Sales`, :guilabel:`POS Orders`,
:guilabel:`Subscriptions`, project :guilabel:`Tasks`, and the :guilabel:`More` smart button reveals
additional options, via a drop-down menu. A user can even quickly access :guilabel:`Purchases`,
:guilabel:`Helpdesk` tasks, :guilabel:`On-time Rate` for deliveries, :guilabel:`Invoiced`
information, :guilabel:`Vendor Bills`, and the :guilabel:`Partner Ledger` connected to this contact.

Deliveries, documents, loyalty cards, and direct debits are *also* linked to smart buttons, like
this, should there be any outstanding/on-file for this contact.

If the contact is a partner, the user can visit their partner page on the Odoo-built website by
clicking the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button.

Archive contacts
----------------

If a user decides they no longer want to have this contact active, the record can be archived. To do
that, go to the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Action` menu at the top of the contact form, and click
:guilabel:`Archive`.

Then, click :guilabel:`OK` from the resulting :guilabel:`Confirmation` pop-up window.

> With this contact successfully archived, as indicated by a banner at the top, they will not show up

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this contact successfully archived, as indicated by a banner at the top, they do not show up
```

========
Contacts
========

The *Contacts* application comes installed on all Odoo databases. Contacts are created for customers
the company does business with through Odoo. A contact is a repository of vital business
information, facilitating communication and business transactions.

Contact form
============

To create a new contact, navigate to the :menuselection:`Contacts app`, and click
:guilabel:`Create`. A new form appears where various contact information can be added.

> 

Reviewer 4: Adding this heading for skim-ability 
```suggestion

Contact type
------------

```

- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the email address with the domain.
- :guilabel:`Website`: enter the full website address, starting with `http` or `https`.
- :guilabel:`Title`: select :guilabel:`Doctor`, :guilabel:`Madam`, :guilabel:`Miss`,
  :guilabel:`Mister`, :guilabel:`Professor`, or create a new one directly from this field.
- :guilabel:`Tags`: enter preconfigured tags by typing them in the field, or clicking the drop-down
  menu, and selecting one. To create a new one, type the new tag in the field, and click
  :guilabel:`Create` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Contacts & Addresses tab
------------------------

At the bottom of the contact form are several tabs. On the :guilabel:`Contacts & Addresses` tab,
contacts can be added that are associated with a :guilabel:`Company` and related addresses. For
example, a specific contact person for the company can be listed here.

Multiple addresses can be added on both :guilabel:`Individual` and :guilabel:`Company` contacts. To
do so, click :guilabel:`Add` in the :guilabel:`Contacts & Addresses` tab. Doing so reveals a
:guilabel:`Create Contact` pop-up form, in which additional addresses can be configured.

> .. image:: contacts/contact-form-add-address.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Add a contact/address to the contact form.

Reviewer 4: I think this is a better image to use in place of `contacts/contact_form.png` because it has the contact's details filled out, and addresses shown. 

I'd like to see this image used (retaken without the markup on the Add button) in place of `contacts/contact_form.png` :).

Then, I don't think it is necessary to use an image here in the Contacts & Addresses tab, just to show the Add button.
```suggestion
```

On the :guilabel:`Create Contact` pop-up form, start by clicking the default :guilabel:`Other
Address` field at the top to reveal a drop-down menu of address-related options.

Select any of the following options:

- :guilabel:`Contact`: adds another contact to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Invoice Address`: adds a specific invoice address to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Address`: adds a specific delivery address to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Other Address`: adds an alternate address to the existing contact form.
- :guilabel:`Private Address`: adds a private address to the existing contact form.

> 
> Once an option is selected, enter the corresponding contact information that should be used for the
> specified address type.
> 
> .. image:: contacts/create-contact-window.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Create a new contact/address on a contact form.

Reviewer 4: This image should come before the next instruction
```suggestion

.. image:: contacts/create-contact-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new contact/address on a contact form.

Once an option is selected, enter the corresponding contact information that should be used for the
specified address type.
```

Add the :guilabel:`Contact Name`, :guilabel:`Address`, :guilabel:`Email`, along with the
:guilabel:`Phone` and/or :guilabel:`Mobile` numbers below.

Set the :guilabel:`Job Position`, which appears if the :guilabel:`Contact` address type has been
selected. This is similar to the :guilabel:`Individual` contact.

To add a note, click on the text field next to :guilabel:`Notes`, and write anything that is
applicable to the customer or contact.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save the address, and close the :guilabel:`Create Contact`
window. Or, click :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the address, and immediately input another one.

Sales & Purchase tab
--------------------

Next, is the :guilabel:`Sales & Purchases` tab, which only appears when the *Sales*, *Purchase*,
**or** *Point of Sale* applications are installed.

> Below that, the :guilabel:`Fiscal Position` can be set.

Reviewer 4: "Below that" doesnt make a lot of sense to me. It would be helpful to use more specific language, as well the remaining Fiscal Position instructions come after the tabs... lets keep these instructions together :)
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Fiscal Position` can be set on the :guilabel:`Sales & Purchases` tab. Select a
:guilabel:`Fiscal Position` from the drop-down menu.
```

> .. tabs::
> 
>    .. tab:: Sales section
> 
>       Under the :guilabel:`Sales` heading, a specific :guilabel:`Salesperson` can be assigned to a
>       contact. To do that, click the :guilabel:`Salesperson` drop-down field, and select one. Create
>       a new :guilabel:`Salesperson` by typing the user's name, and making the appropriate selection.
> 
>       Certain :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, or a certain :guilabel:`Pricelist`, can also be set, if
>       needed. Click the drop-down menu next to :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, and change it to one of
>       the preselected :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, or :guilabel:`Create` a new one. Select the
>       :guilabel:`Pricelist` drop-down menu to choose the appropriate :guilabel:`Pricelist`.
> 
>       Click into the :guilabel:`Delivery Method` field to select an option from the drop-down menu.
> 
>    .. tab:: Point Of Sale section
> 
>       Under the :guilabel:`Point Of Sale` heading, enter a :guilabel:`Barcode` that can be used to
>       identify the contact. Use the :guilabel:`Loyalty Points` field to track points the user won as
>       part of a *Loyalty Program*.
> 
>    .. tab:: Purchase section
> 
>       Specify :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, :guilabel:`1099 Box` information, and a preferred
>       :guilabel:`Payment Method` here. A :guilabel:`Receipt Reminder` can be set here, as well.
> 
>    .. tab:: Misc section
> 
>       Under the :guilabel:`Misc.` heading, use :guilabel:`Reference` field to add any additional
>       information for this contact. If this contact should only be accessible for one company in a
>       multi-company database, select it from the :guilabel:`Company` field drop-down list. Use the
>       :guilabel:`Website` drop-down menu to restrict the publishing of this contact to one website
>       (if working on a database with multiple websites). Select one or more :guilabel:`Website Tags`
>       to assist in filtering published customers on the `/customers` website page. Select an
>       :guilabel:`Industry` for this contact from the drop-down menu. Use the :guilabel:`SLA
>       Policies` field to assign a *Helpdesk* SLA policy to this contact.
> 
> Under the :guilabel:`Fiscal Information` heading, select a :guilabel:`Fiscal Position` from the
> drop-down menu.

Reviewer 4: I dont think using tabs here is very effective, here is my reasoning. [Tab headings cannot be translated](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#content-tabs), as well the information inside hidden tabs cannot be searched for (using `ctrl + f` in browser). I think all of this information is important to show up-front. So suggesting to use regular-ole' sections here :)
```suggestion
Sales section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Sales` heading, a specific :guilabel:`Salesperson` can be assigned to a
contact. To do that, click the :guilabel:`Salesperson` drop-down field, and select one. Create a new
:guilabel:`Salesperson` by typing the user's name, and making the appropriate selection.

Certain :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, or a certain :guilabel:`Pricelist`, can also be set, if needed.
Click the drop-down menu next to :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, and change it to one of the preselected
:guilabel:`Payment Terms`, or :guilabel:`Create` a new one. Select the :guilabel:`Pricelist`
drop-down menu to choose the appropriate :guilabel:`Pricelist`.

Click into the :guilabel:`Delivery Method` field to select an option from the drop-down menu.

Point Of Sale section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Point Of Sale` heading, enter a :guilabel:`Barcode` that can be used to
identify the contact. Use the :guilabel:`Loyalty Points` field to track points the user won as part
of a *Loyalty Program*.

Purchase section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Specify :guilabel:`Payment Terms`, :guilabel:`1099 Box` information, and a preferred
:guilabel:`Payment Method` here. A :guilabel:`Receipt Reminder` can be set here, as well.

Misc section
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under the :guilabel:`Misc.` heading, use :guilabel:`Reference` field to add any additional
information for this contact. If this contact should only be accessible for one company in a
multi-company database, select it from the :guilabel:`Company` field drop-down list. Use the
:guilabel:`Website` drop-down menu to restrict the publishing of this contact to one website (if
working on a database with multiple websites). Select one or more :guilabel:`Website Tags` to assist
in filtering published customers on the `/customers` website page. Select an :guilabel:`Industry`
for this contact from the drop-down menu. Use the :guilabel:`SLA Policies` field to assign a
*Helpdesk* SLA policy to this contact.
```

Accounting tab
--------------

The :guilabel:`Accounting` tab appears when the *Accounting* application is installed. Here, a user
can add any related :guilabel:`Bank Accounts`, or set default :guilabel:`Accounting entries`.

Under the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous` heading, use the :guilabel:`LEI` field to enter a Legal Entity
Identifier, if necessary.

Internal Notes tab
------------------

Following the :guilabel:`Accounting` tab is the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab, where notes can be
left on this contact form, just like on the contact form noted above.

Partner Assignment tab
----------------------

Next is the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab, which by default, includes a :guilabel:`Geolocation`
section, and other partner options, including :guilabel:`Partner Activation` and :guilabel:`Partner
Review` configurations. These are **only** present when the *Enterprise Resellers* module is
installed.

Membership tab
--------------

Finally, there is the :guilabel:`Membership` tab, which can help users manage any memberships that

> are being offered to this specific contact. It should be noted that this tab is associated with the
> *Members* app.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion for specificity 
```suggestion
are being offered to this specific contact. It should be noted that this tab only appears when the
*Members* applications is installed.
```

Deliveries, documents, loyalty cards, and direct debits are *also* linked to smart buttons, like
this, should there be any outstanding/on-file for this contact.

If the contact is a partner, the user can visit their partner page on the Odoo-built website by
clicking the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button.

Archive contacts
----------------

If a user decides they no longer want to have this contact active, the record can be archived. To do
that, go to the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Action` menu at the top of the contact form, and click
:guilabel:`Archive`.

Then, click :guilabel:`OK` from the resulting :guilabel:`Confirmation` pop-up window.

With this contact successfully archived, as indicated by a banner at the top, they do not show up
in the main contacts page, but they can still be searched for with the :guilabel:`Archived` filter.

.. tip::
   A contact can be *unarchived*, if the user decides to work with them again. To do that, just
   click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Action` menu again at the top of the archived contact form,
   and click :guilabel:`Unarchive`. Upon doing so, the :guilabel:`Archived` banner is removed, and
   the contact is restored.

.. seealso::

>    Contact forms can be accessed in the *Sales* application, as well. Go to :menuselection:`Sales
>    app --> Orders --> Customers`, and clear any default filters from the :guilabel:`Search...` bar.
>    Then, click on the desired customer to open their contact form.
> 

Reviewer 4: This information seems out of place in the seealso, I'd suggest putting it in a tip admonition, or removing it entirely 
```suggestion
```
